I wanted to make a game type of thing for this project because I felt like there was a bit more freedom to create something based off my own idea. I was off to a slow start because I could not come up with an idea for a little while though. Eventually, I remembered that for my october IDP I was going to do a circle clicking game but chose a different idea instead so I thought it would be good to do here. In the planning process, I broke it down into a list of little things that I needed to get done. First was just getting the circles on the screen and then last was adding the texts and timer. I decided prior to starting that I wanted to at least use the lerp color function, the translate function, the mouseIsPressed function, and figure out how the time functions worked because they seemed interesting. I also ended up incorporating the push and pop functions into my code just because they kept the timer from following the mouse with the score. I used translate to have the score follow the mouse from a distance so that it was not interferring with the circle clicking but still obvious in position. Furthermore, a rather important part was the mouse is pressed function because it's what moves the circle away and adds to the score. There is a way to "cheat" in this game, because it's mouse pressed and not mouse clicked. If you hold down the mouse and move it around you can collect a bunch of points fairly easily. But, I like that because it's not an obvious shortcut unless youre reading the code so it's something for the palyer to figure out (like an easter egg in an actual game). I struggled with having the right things happen when the timer runs out but I managed to get it done after playing around with it a bit. And in case you were to have SO much fun playing this game and lost track of time, you can look at the minute of the hour in the bottom right corner to see the minutes from  the start of the hour. Lastly, I have a few inspiration lines from websites that I found to just help me move along, I made sure to understand them and change them to fit my project though. 